c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\bin\Debug\WPFBolado.exe.config
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\bin\Debug\WPFBolado.exe
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\bin\Debug\WPFBolado.pdb
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\WPFBolado.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\WPFBolado_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\WPFBolado_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\WPFBolado.g.resources
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\WPFBolado.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\WPFBolado.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\WPFBolado.exe
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\WPFBolado.pdb
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\frmLogin.g.cs
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\frmLogin.baml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\Principal.g.cs
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\Principal.baml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\bin\Debug\AvalonControlsLibrary.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\bin\Debug\AvalonControlsLibrary.pdb
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\bin\Debug\AvalonControlsLibrary.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\CadastroProduto.g.cs
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\CadastroProduto.baml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\frmProduto.g.cs
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\frmProduto.baml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\frmPedidos.g.cs
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\frmPedidos.baml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\Alterar\frmAlterarProd.g.cs
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\Alterar\frmAlterarProd.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\Alterar\frmAlterarProdPed.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\Alterar\frmAlterarProdPed.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\frmPagamento.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\frmPagamento.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\frmCaixa.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\frmCaixa.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\frmFuncionario.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\frmFuncionario.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\Cadastrar\frmCadastroFuncionario.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\Cadastrar\frmCadastroFuncionario.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\Alterar\frmAlterarFornecedor.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\Alterar\frmAlterarFuncionario.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\Cadastrar\frmCadastrarFornecedor.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\Alterar\frmAlterarFornecedor.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\Alterar\frmAlterarFuncionario.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\Cadastrar\frmCadastrarFornecedor.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\frmFornecedor.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\frmFornecedor.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\PrincipalAtendente.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\PrincipalAtendente.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\frmInformacaoFunc.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WPFBolado\WPFBolado\obj\Debug\Windows\frmInformacaoFunc.baml
